hey you know um I get email from people
who are directly comparing me to
durianrider this funny in in many
different ways um durianrider and I are
about the same age I think he's about a
year and a half older than me but I mean
he acts like he's still a teenager and I
don't flatter myself to say I think I
act more like an old man and I'm happy
about that I have no inclination to
relive my teenage years um I get
messages from people I don't know what
percentage they are of the the vegan
movement I don't I don't think they're
moving anywhere I get messages from
people who really sincerely see riding a
bicycle and fitness and athletics as the
only possible meaning in life as the
only goals anyone can possibly have in
life but yeah you know and these people
right and you know insulting me and
approaching me because I supposedly am
not living up to my potential in life by
devoting all of my time to fitness and
long-distance cycling I just drove back
to a guy oh I think he can do a sneeze
on camera here I know it past I would
have my first sneeze on camera missed
the chance Terrell um I hope acted this
guy uh saying look you know I did I did
used to do over 100 kilometers a day on
a bicycle when i was living in Thailand
but that was while teaching myself an
ancient language known as pally with no
teacher with no help while making my own
textbooks for that language textbooks
that are still downloaded off the
internet used by people this day
textbooks that I know for a fact have
been downloaded and used by Buddhist
monks in Nepal China Myanmar Thailand
lake szelezon recognizers excellent
became I became with no teacher no help
a recognized scholar and that fee
old even if an infamous skull infamous
for being edgy and political and
challenging to to establish assumptions
I was invited to give lectures with no
PhD I was invited to give lectures at
Oxford at so as and at universities in
Asia that you've probably never heard of
and can't spell I did that stuff and as
a minor distraction from that kind of
scholarly work yeah I rode my bike over
a hundred kilometers a day when I was
living a test like and I went to the gym
and worked out that was not the meaning
of life for me okay I pursued
humanitarian work and I actually did
humanitarian work you spend a lot more
time pursuing it than doing it but I
won't get into that in this video but I
did do real humanitarian work when I was
in Asia that ultimately involves handing
sacks of rice to starving people among
other things need not say more here and
he these people are writing in and
telling me that I have wasted my life
past tense and I am wasting my life now
in the present tense because I am NOT
trying to live the life of durianrider
or one of his clothes and the assumption
is I'd want to I'm 37 years old I don't
want to live like a teenager I want to
live like a 37 year old I've gone back
to university now I already have one
University plomin political science
getting another university diploma now
in Asian Studies I'm learning Chinese
mystical months ago was studying
Japanese I've studied a long list of
languages allow Cambodia and pally as
mentioned he can speak Thai with a heavy
lotion accent lay I I often say self
critically that I feel I've wasted my
talents of life like I really do I
really do feel the way in many ways the
opportunities I had to do something in
life have been wasted and I can reflect
on that in various ways this assumption
that a grown man ought to devote all of
his time and energy to sport
self-indulgence and vanity like I don't
care how I look and let me tell you
something like I say biet durianrider
the same age if I gained 20 pounds of
fat there are still women who are going
to be lining up to get with me rather
than him because he looks and acts like
a jittery ex crack addict which is
exactly what he is and believe it or not
there are a lot of women on this earth
who want a man for the contents of his
brain at least partially like if I got
hideous I would still have no concerns
about my physical appearance and beyond
which it's just not my priority in life
I'm not trying to be an Olympic athlete
I'm not trying to bench press the most i
can bench press I'm not trying to set a
world record for riding my bicycle up a
hill you know I've interests in the
study of languages politics history of
interested in leading a meaningful life
my own terms and above beyond all else I
have now a three-year-old daughter
living in between Germany and France I
have both a moral obligation her and a
financial obligation her and an
emotional connection to her and in a lot
of ways everything I'm doing in my life
is shaped and influenced by my
relationship to my daughter yes that's
what I'm thinking about if I had a
choice between taking three months off
and and and whipping myself into shape
to do you know I don't know 300
kilometres a day on the bike it's boring
you could get you over 100k if you don't
have a lot to think about during a
hundred K ride on a bike man uh anyway
look I mean that's that's really the
only point of this video um it is
implicitly hilarious to me that these
people both right into me and make
response videos to me saying that my
life is meaningless because I'm not
relentlessly focused on and obsessed
with just my physical appearance
that's what it's about that should be 37
that's I think if that's what I was into
when I was 19 I would have been a
vacuous and shallow 19 year old as not
what I was about homeboy it I I was
concerned I mean you know today I'm
concerned about the Syrian civil war and
you know that there's a military
dictatorship ruling Thailand I'm
concerned about all kinds of things that
don't seem to concern my fellow vegans
I'm worried about social issues here in
Canada I'm worried about first nations
and their language is going extinct in
their political situation and I'm
worried about poverty and political
store I have all kinds of interests that
animate me in life apart from an
addition to the research to do the
classroom but I mean when I was 19 I had
similarly weighty thoughts on my mind
and yeah that's going to continue to be
what what motivates me left but with all
that aside if I had three months to kill
the last thing on my mind would be
getting into shape to enter a bike race
or trying to bench press as much as I
could best breasts and one of the first
things on my mind would be how can i
spend quality time with my daughter so
look bad that these people don't even
think that i have my priorities wrong
these people are so out to lunch that it
is inconceivable to them even after
they've watched several hours of my
videos it cannot they cannot imagine
that I fundamentally have different
priorities in my life and it's not that
I'm failing to imitate during writers
life it's that I actually do not want to
live that way given the choice that's
not what I want to do with my life whoo